Dear Professor Hansen,

I write regarding the excellent code you and your coauthors make available on your
site as a companion to your 'Plausibly Exogenous' inference paper.  With a coauthor 
(Sonia Bhalotra frome Essex), we have used this in some ongoing work, and it has 
proven to be very useful!

In the work we're doing we've been working with quite a large dataset, so I've made 
a number of tweaks to your original code.  Essentially this is error capture and 
adding in a number of more general Stata features such as the possiblity to work with
factor variables and so forth.  I've also added in the possibility to automatically 
make graphs (like the figures 1 and 2 in your REStat paper showing confidence intervals
based on a range of gammas, plus comprehensive documentation.

I wonder if this is something that you would be interested in sharing with other
Stata users who would like to use the code?  Given that the crux of the code was
what you and your coauthors wrote, I of course wouldn't want to share it without 
your participation as it is clearly yours.  Given that this type of inference has 
a very wide range of applications I suspect that it is something that many Stata 
users would find useful and perhaps these additional features make adoption a little 
bit simpler.  As I suspect you already know, Stata has an online repository called
the ssc (like R's CRAN) where code like this can be housed and accessed directly
from the Stata command line.

Do you think this is something that you and coauthors would be interested in putting
up together?  Obviously full credit would be given to you and it would of course be 
clear to users that the intellectual heavy lifting is all yours!!

Anyway, in case you are interested I'm attaching here a zipped folder with the
code plus documentation (a Stata help file), and a short pdf which demonstrates
how this works (essentially similar to your uci.ado and ltz.ado with some augmentations)
plus the graphical output which can be automatically produced.

With kind regards,

Damian Clarke

PS - I haven't cc'd your coauthors to avoid congesting email inboxes.  If you think
they would be interested of course feel free to forward!

